Isn't this cosmetic surgery comparable?
Laughing is so um you laugh
Hello
Come
exist
Return to the palace is
I woke up and changed my clothes
Su Linfeng, what are you thinking about?
You were as drunk as a pig last night
I want you to eat and you can't get up
Then why am I here? Why don't you ask yourself why you left the palace without permission and were robbed?
How dare you say that?
If you hadn't let me go to that plague line to die
Have the nerve to ask me what the decree wrote
The royal relatives in the Life Palace go to Bailing County
If you only look at Xiyin and don't look at the content, you will be ashamed to leave the palace
Every time you meet an assassin halfway
Count yourself lucky
Do you think the imperial emissary sent by the royal family is so simple?
Let you be kidnapped so easily